feat(log): Improve logging feature (#80)
moneytrackio/tezart: docs/parts/_api_overview_and_examples.md

### Enable logging

> if you want this library to perform logging into the sandard output, you ay to enable it :

Reviewer: ```suggestion
if you want this library to perform logging into the standard output, you have to enable it :
```

enableTezartLogger();
```

or 
```dart

> enableTezartDevLogs();

Author: OK, you're right, that will clarify the documentation.
